feat(console): update docs for blueprints (#77)
AshAvalanche/ash-docs: docs/console/guides/local-network/avalanche-nodes.md

We can finally deploy our 5 Avalanche node [resources](/docs/console/glossary#resource)!

## Set shared configuration at the project level

> It is common that **resources of the same type share some configuration**. For example, all the Avalanche nodes of our devnet will have the **same AvalancheGo version**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is common that **resources of the same project share some configuration**. For example, all the Avalanche nodes of our devnet will have the **same AvalancheGo version**.
```

`avalanche-node-01` is the "bootstrap" node. It has a different configuration than the other nodes of the local Avalanche network. See the [Create a resource](/docs/console/reference/resource-management#create-a-resource) for more information.
:::

## Other nodes creation

Create the 4 other `avalancheNode` resources with the `console resource create` command:

```bash title="Command"
for i in {2..5}; do
  ash console resource create "{
    name: avalanche-node-0$i,
    resourceType: avalancheNode,
    cloudRegionId: aws/us-east-1,
    nodeIdSecretId: local-node-id-0$i,
    size: medium,
    nodeConfig: {
      isBootstrapNode: false
    },
    nodeBootstrapResourceId: avalanche-node-01
  }"
done
```

:::caution

> - The above command takes about ~30 seconds to complete.

Reviewer: Closer to a minute

> - The above command takes about ~30 seconds to complete.

Author: ```suggestion
- The above command takes about 1 minute to complete.
```
